<h1>Chapter 1</h1>
<br><br>
Ilia woke up with a strong pain and she didn't know the source of it. It wasn't long before the pain went away, she stood up and looked around her room, it was filthy, because the broom she used to clean with broke few weeks ago and couldn't afford a new one. Ilia then looked out of the window and soon after a Mage flew above her village, it was a pretty common view in this region, especially in the early hours. Suddenly a sharp pain struck Ilia's head, someone's memories flooding in like water. She collapsed on her knees, holding her head, pain still holding like a screw in wood for the next few minutes as memories kept flooding in. After that time the pain became just an echo in her mind.

"The hell was that?" Ilia said to herself before foreign memories took an effect. "So... She's Akari. What a strange name." a few moments later the pain returned, but not as strong as before. Ilia grabbed her head and whispered "What a tragic death, being hit by a fast metal thing...". The pain grew stronger as Akari's knowledge also poured in Ilia's head without permission, the knowledge matched the ones young geniuses in this world possesed. "She wanted to be a physicist? What the hell is that profession I never heard about it." as soon as she finished speaking a familiar voice came from outside her room "Honey, Ilia, are you awake?", it was her mother, a charming middle-aged woman with brown hair and purple eyes. "Yes mom, give me a minute to get ready and I'll come for breakfast" Ilia responded as she began to change into her only clothing except pijamas.
<hr>
Sitting at the table Ilia was thinking about the new memories and knowledge she got this morning, she could put a good use to them if she really tried to, but others would laugh at her if she tried applying to school. She had to prove somehow that she posseses a great knowledge, but for now she doesn't really know how to use it properly.
"Today I prepared your favourite breakfast honey. A slice of bread with a single leaf of lettuce!" mom annouced. Ilia smiled and said 
"Thanks mom, but you really didn't have to struggle for some lettuce just for me."
"I would do anything for you my sunshine." mom responded with a smile "Now eat and you can go have fun outside with your friends."
Ilia just smiled back at her mom and ate her breakfast before going outside.

<i>I wonder what I could achieve with such knowledge if I applied to school, but what if everyone would just laugh and bully me, because I'm poor...</i>
A slight headache came to Ilia from overthinking. <i>Damn those memories give me a headache, or maybe I'm just overthinkig too much.</i>
As Ilia was covered in thoughts, her friend Arien approached and waved his hand in front of Ilia's face.
"Ground to Ilia, are you there?" he said, breaking Ilia from her thoughts
"Hi Arien, I'm here. I was just thinking about some things" she replied.
"Cool I think, but now it's time for our mission!" he said excited.
"What mission?" Ilia asked.
"Glad you're asking! We are going to infiltrate our enemy's base!"
"You mean sneaking into Old Uriel's garden to steal apples?"
"Oh come on Ilia. My version sounded much better. Anyway let's take Willow and 'ask' Old Uriel if we can have some apples." Arien said
"Alright, but you're the one going in her garden, I don't want to get in trouble" Ilia said
"I knew you would support me Ilia!" he said joyfully
As they headed towards Willow's house, Ilia went back to her thoughts.
<hr>
"Hey Willow!" Arien yelled "Come out!"
That broke Ilia from her thoughts again and she immediately hushed Arien.
"Shh! Willow is probably still sleeping, you know she likes to sleep a lot."
"I know, but how can she sleep so much?"
"Remember that she also helps her dad in the field, she needs to have a lot of energy"
"But she's lazy around us. She looks like she prefered sleeping instead of hanging out with us" Arien complained
"That's because you always yell for her and wake her up so early" Ilia explained
As they argued Willow came out, her eyes still sleepy.
"Are you both need to always argue and wake me up so early?" Willow said with her usual sleepy tone
"That's not my fault, that Arien can't understand you aren't a morning person" Ilia exclaimed
"Come on Willow, let's go, we have a mission to do!" Arien said ignoring their complains
"What mission? Will you again try stealing apples from Old Uriel's?" Willow asked
"Uhmm... Nooo... We need to infiltrate our enemy's base!"
"You're definitely gonna steal those apples"
"Yeah, you're right..." Arien gave up
"Can't you do something else, that doesn't include in breaking into Old Uriel's garden and stealing her apples?" Willow asked
"But apples are tasty!" Arien exclaimed
"Ehh... but it's last time you're doing that!"
"Of course! I promise!" Arien said excited
"He's going to do the same thing tommorow" Ilia whispered to Willow
"Yeah, absolutely he's going to do it" Willow whispered back and all of them headed towards Old Uriel's house.